Okay, there's that she came out on 27 dresses, which is another cute rom-com
Yes...
Ha... ha... ha... ha...   You do...
But she comes out in another movie.
With Josh Duhamel. Come It's where
Where like their...   their friends die and they have to take care of the baby together.
It's so cute
It was cute. You would like it in there, right? Yes.
I can't anymore.
But we can't see.... we can see that and...
I just, if that movie's on, like, I'll watch it.
It's a good movie because
I'm flipping through the channels. I mean not that I have cable anymore, but if it was on like TBS
Yes... or something you know I would watch it.
And I don't mean Trinity Broadcast System. I mean like, you know....Ha... ha... ha...look
Ha... ha... ha...
Well, we saw the one here at your house while you were sleeping.
That one was cute.
Ah huh...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Dev Pullman
I thought he was I kind of liked him and had a like a little
He was like my little actor crush from Casper.
Ha.. ha.. ha.. ha.. ha..
Spaceballs! I love it too... love that movie!
That movie... ha... ha... ha...
And they have Perrier. Perrier, instead of Perrier.
I mean we...
Our whole family on my dad's side, we love that movie and we love that part where they're combing
mean the desert? Ha...  ha...  ha...
That movie, you could not show it in theaters today. It would get canceled.
so fast like Mel Brooks is a comedic genius.
oh my god!!!!
Properly...
Well, I guess there's some romance in it.
Ohhhh..
Of course not.
Yeah...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Baseballs. Yes, I love baseballs.
Yes...
Yes...    Uh  hung...  I  mean we go..what is the...
Inigo Montoya, you killed my father.
Can you say something about the six-fingered man?  You killed my father..
Yes...
Same Freeze. Yeah.
Oh yeah, carryout was beautiful. Yeah.
Beautiful..
Right..
Yeah.... 80s
That's another one. If it's playing, I'll stop and I'll watch it.
I love him...
Say anything?
Hmm...
I couldn't get into that, the ending was so, I was like, ah.ah..
I don't know. It was too, maybe it was like I was.
Wanting something more realistic